jan monique for the morning
in this and chair five questions that we answered during the day
gameplay starts with the first person who's your baker
well the conditions they are almost an hour after the property
i am 39 years old i counted to see it
achieved
and I wanted to take you to take a look almost in the intersection and
there musician
I'd say comedian
we feel like there jeurissen there different stages
the beginning with a flower purple flowers and put that flower
the Council
the council thus in further growth with four weeks old there is insi bigger and
then afterwards
how many johan museeuw
pity as the ea taylor
so basically comparable to humans
first wake up we have the heating pipes subject that boy
is to blame
after that it was active he benefited
In addition, it is also the case with very nice weather, the customer has a bit harder
again similar to humans, a marathon can be difficult
dining like all those I go to kilometers all those standing on the side and in optics
only drinking water can last longer so body can do it too
easier on an easy win
the fact that you get the fruits for a while
so you know exactly if they are heavy enough to harvest
try without guessing how much these three different ones already have
when viewed, it is raining whether they are ripe for harvesting
we are going to try it i think this
the 250 grams
that strategy
250 euros
the 3
said spokesman
there was on the scales then well that is said of nasa
more often
so appreciate so weekers we have to close the top class
was transported beforehand starting from today is prevented
we close a little worry that the recovery pull from behind
value
what the most ball possession is
yes the most is actually already eaten definitely that is during the summer period paul
Seen is actually a product that is a bit around the Mediterranean
if you eat a lot, you will also see that the people there can and can participate much more
then where you can yes that work is going to seem to work
almost all properties
a real family business behind this
the further were
in the summer there is also
to be in a 69 from NATO is that they are left in a quarrel in the village
with
seven sons and one daughter
we are three generations and madam and so on
the three of us are often on an ek or I injured a woman
how do you know if you are not
8 know of course not with my family the best is of course difficult for you
is being prepared
seven top chef jonnie in that development
know much better
The Netherlands
also grabbed it
cor of wood, he stated that square 7
the parallel road in the company
we hope you enjoyed it and i would say statements are going to finish
bye